Upright: hope, renewal, creativity and inspiration, generosity, healing
Reversed: despair, lack of hope, creative block, boredom, focusing on the negative
General: The universe abundantly blesses you (we). We are continually attracting what we desire through our beliefs and thoughts. When the Star arrives in the upright position, it usually follows a difficult change or traumatic event. Going through something challenging can take the wind out of our sails and cause us to feel like things will never be the same. This might be true.   Death, loss, heartbreak, and other painful events can change who we are, forever. This doesn’t mean we can’t build something better. What is it that you are trying to heal from? The Upright Star wants you to open your heart, realize your inner strength, and have faith that the best is yet to come.
Work: Amazing opportunities are headed your way–some bigger than you’ve ever imagined. When it comes to career and finances, the Star tarot is a signpost that advancements are around the corner.Have you been struggling to make ends meet? Perhaps you feel stuck in a dead-end job? Well, things are about to change. If you have been thinking of switching to a field in which you will be ‘the center of attention,’ now is the time to make the transition.Go for the promotion, ask for a raise, pitch a new contract. You’ll only have a small window time to make these things happen. So, don’t delay. The clock is ticking. 
Love: Because the Star is a Major Arcana card, it rules any reading that it makes a grand appearance in. When it comes to love, the Star tarot card has a clear message: drop your baggage.Unknowingly, we often let fear and hurts from our past steer our current relationships. If a friend or lover betrayed us, we might have trouble trusting other people in our lives. We might want to become close with others but hesitate because we are afraid of feeling the same sting we felt once before. Although this is a normal reaction to pain, it is a stifling one. Focusing on the past, being paranoid, and refusing to be vulnerable only attracts more of what we don’t want. If you are wanting to find love or grow a current relationship, practice the art of letting go. Doing so will bring both harmony and happiness.Get your own Tarot Love ReadingWhen I was at a crossroads in my relationship, finding direction and strength from my daily tarot Card reading truly worked miracles for me and my relationship with my (now) loving and supportive husband.Just by asking the tarot a question, it can tell you what’ll happen in your love life. You will discover the secrets of your true nature, inside and out. You’ll uncover your hidden romantic talents and how to optimize them, along with possible blind spots in your relationships and how to correct them.Drawing a tarot archetype will reveal most, if not all, of what makes us compatible, likable, desired by others, and what makes us fall in love.Interested in giving it a try right now? To get started, click the button below to receive your online tarot Love reading (only 1 reading per person).RECEIVE YOUR PERSONAL TAROT READING ON LOVE HERE
Health: Because it is a healing card, the Star in a health context is a wonderful sight for anyone worried about their body or mind. It is rare to see the Star fall in a reading for someone who is fighting an illness. The only exception is when a recovery is on the horizon. Although tarot doesn’t have all of the answers, the Star wants you to look for ways to find peace in every single area of your life. 